PSEUDO PR - DO NOT MERGE (#2)
nf-core/hicar: README.md

## Introduction

> **nf-core/hicar** is a bioinformatics best-practice analysis pipeline for HiC on Accessible Regulatory DNA (HiCAR) data, a robust and sensitive assay for simultaneous measurement of chromatin accessibility and cis-regulatory chromatin contacts. Unlike the immunoprecipitation-based methods such as HiChIP, PlAC-seq and ChIA-PET, HiCAR does not need antibody available. HiCAR utilize the Assay of Transposase-Acessible Chromatin to anchor the chromatin interactions. HiCAR is a feasible tool to study the chromatin interactions for low input samples nad the samples with no available antibodies.  

Author: https://github.com/nf-core/hicar/pull/1#discussion_r741469407

Thanks for the improvement here 👍🏻  Are there any citations for this method? I guess https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2020.11.02.366062v1 ?

Reviewer: Yes. It is. I will update that.

4. Start running your own analysis!

    ```console
    nextflow run nf-core/hicar -profile <docker/singularity/podman/shifter/charliecloud/conda/institute> -c profile.config
    ```

    Run it on cluster.

    First prepare a profile config file named as [profile.config](https://nf-co.re/hicar/usage) and a [samplesheet](https://nf-co.re/hicar/usage).
    Then run:

    ```console

>     nextflow run nf-core/hicar -profile <docker/singularity/podman/shifter/charliecloud/conda/institute> -c profile.config

Author: https://github.com/nf-core/hicar/pull/1#discussion_r741471586

I don't think that there are loads of pipeline parameters for this pipeline, right? So maybe it's ok to keep the docs here mentioning just the essential bare-minimum command line flags to keep things as simple as possible.

Reviewer: I changed it to `-c profile.config`

Author: More what I meant was to drop the config file completely and use command line flags instead, to make it as simple and obvious as possible. Taking the pipeline-specific parameters that you have in the example config file then:

```suggestion
    nextflow run nf-core/hicar -profile <docker/singularity/podman/shifter/charliecloud/conda/institute> \
        --input samples.csv \   # Input data
        --qval_thresh 0.01 \    # Cut-off q-value for MACS2
        --genome GRCh38 \       # Genome Reference
        --mappability /path/mappability/bigWig/file  # Provide mappability to avoid memory intensive calculation
```
